Welcome to this temporary forum, designed specifically for any entering Georgetown Law JD 1Ls this coming Fall.

I figured I'd throw this together for a few simple reasons.
1. Incoming GULC 1Ls can potentially network, obviously via various virtual alternatives, but also here as well.
2. I am a J.D. graduate from 2018. While I did not have every professor or take every course, I can speak to the techniques (etc.) of those whom I did have, and also relay my knowledge, from trusted friends, of experiences with others.
3. I can tell you what to expect, pretty much exactly, with respect to the 1L curve, and I can dispel potential rumors you may have heard about how the curve operates elsewhere assuming the same here.
4. I can advise you on some of the best resource books to purchase to assist you with your courses.
5. I can identify what to expect in most classes -- and how, in the end, with few exceptions, your course grade is the exam. Everyone will find their own approach, but you'll eventually recognize that for the majority of your 1L courses, the classroom experience almost becomes irrelevant. I can detail why.
6. How to get your act together throughout the semester and at the conclusion to really have the absolute best shot at earning a strong exam/course grade. 
7. Planning ahead and the seminar curve. You may want to consider, when you register or 2L, a bit of a trade-off. Perhaps, you really want to take a course on Securities Regulations. It's 4 credits. Difficult. And subject to the 1L curve. Need you take that? Or, maybe there is a seminar or two, each 2 credits each, which are intimate, not as intense, do not have an exam, and allow you to explore some theoretical concepts outside of doctrinal pounding. Guess what? The seminar will assume a much a softer curve than an exam course. It's required. Therefore, consider your GPA and make smart decisions. 
8. Pretty much anything else as well.
9. I don't need to answer everything. Hopefully, this can organically break into discussions amongst any potential members just as much.
